---
layout: post
title: Mathematical reasoning!
date: 2020-01-02 19:20:23 +0900
category: sample
---
# post-sample
> Hello!

This is code
```ruby
print 'hello world'
print 'no mamar'
```
\documentclass[12pt]{amsart}

\addtolength{\hoffset}{-2.25cm}
\addtolength{\textwidth}{4.5cm}
\addtolength{\voffset}{-2.5cm}
\addtolength{\textheight}{5cm}
\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}
\setlength{\parindent}{15pt}

\usepackage{amsthm}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage[colorlinks = true, linkcolor = black, citecolor = black, final]{hyperref}

\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{ marvosym }
\usepackage{wasysym}
\usepackage{tikz}
\usetikzlibrary{patterns}
\usepackage{tabularx}

\usepackage{multicol}

\newcommand{\ds}{\displaystyle}

\setlength{\parindent}{0in}

\pagestyle{empty}

% ----------------------------

% The "stuff" above here is called the preamble of the document.  It sets the margins and loads special packages.  Probably the only reason you would need to edit something above here would be to add a package to do something very specific... but probably everything you need is loaded already

% -----------------------------

\begin{document}

\thispagestyle{empty}

{\scshape Math 109} \hfill {\scshape \large Mathematical Reasoning Course Syllabus} \hfill {\scshape P3}
 
\bigskip

\hrule

\bigskip

\textbf{Course} 
Math 109.

\bigskip

\textbf{Credit Hours} 
4

\bigskip

\textbf{Prerequisites} 
Math 18, or Math 20F, or Math 31AH, and Math 20C, or consent of instructor.

\bigskip

\textbf{Course Description}
This course focuses on the use of a variety of topics in mathematics to introduce the students to rigorous mathematical proof, emphasizing quantifiers, induction, negation, proof by contradiction, naive set theory, equivalence relations and epsilon-delta proofs. Required of all departmental majors.

\bigskip

\textbf{Textbooks} The consulting and reference books for this course are the following ones: 
\begin{itemize}
\item[(i)] \textit{Mathematical Proofs}, by G. Chartrand, A. Polimeni, and P. Zhang, 4th Edition, Pearson 2018.
\item[(ii)] \textit{Foundations of Higher Mathematics}, by P. Fletcher and C. Patty, 3rd Edition, Cengage 1995.
\item[(iii)] \textit{An Introduction to Mathematical Reasoning: Numbers, Sets, and Functions}, by Peter J. Eccles; 2007.  
\end{itemize}

\bigskip

\textbf{Subject Material}
The course comprehend the following topics:
\begin{multicols}{2}
\begin{itemize}
\item[(i)] Logic of first degree; 
\item[(ii)] Introduction to Set theory; 
\item[(iii)] Basic proof techniques; 
\item[(iv)] Proof by mathematical induction; 
\item[(v)] Functions; 
\item[(vi)] Relations and concurrence module $n$;
\item[(vii)] Basic number theory; 
\item[(viii)] Introduction to $\epsilon-\delta$ proofs. 
\end{itemize} 
\end{multicols}

\bigskip

\textbf{Lectures} 
The lectured will be held in the classroom. 

\bigskip

\textbf{Homework}


\bigskip

\textbf{Midterms}
There will be two midterm exams given during the quarter. See the course calendar for the dates and times of the midterm exams. You will be able to use one handwritten sheet of notes. Also, recall that calculators and any online material are not allowed during the final examination.  There will be no makeup exams.


\bigskip

\textbf{Final Examination}
The final examination will be held at the date and time stated in the course calendar. You will be able to use one handwritten sheet of notes. However, calculators and any online material are not allowed during the examination.

\bigskip

\textbf{Grading}
Your course grade will be given based on  your cumulative average at the end of the term. This cumulative average will be the best of the following two weighted averages: 
\vspace{2mm}
\begin{itemize}
\item[(i)] 30\% Homework, 20\% Midterm Exam I,  20\% Midterm Exam II,  30\% Final Exam.
\vspace{3mm}
\item[(ii)] 30\% Homework, 20\% Best Midterm Exam, 50\% Final Exam
\end{itemize}
\vspace{2mm}

The cumulative average will be based on the following scale:
\vspace{2mm}

\begin{center}  
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|}  
\hline  
A+ & A & A- & B+ & B & B- & C+ & C & C- \\ \hline  
97 & 93 & 90 & 87 & 83 & 80 & 77 & 73 & 70 \\ \hline  

\end{tabular}  
\end{center} 
\vspace{2mm}

NOTE: \textbf{You must pass the final examination in order to pass the course}. 


\bigskip 









\end{document}
